Part 2 Questions

1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

    I wanted to learn Golang before this project so I figured this would be a great way to learn the syntax.
It is very similar to C++ which I have used before so that was quite easy to pickup. I used Go because it seems to be a very popular
language for back end developement and it runs very quickly compared to a language like Python.
After browsing some of the libraries I can see why people use it so much. The framework Gin made my life extremely easy for decoding
and encodiing json. Gin also has very easy functions to set up a router and handle endpoints as you can see my main file is very simple.





2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

    I opted to use local data structures for this less intense project to store data. In a production environment a database would certainly
be used but was not necessary for this solution. An advantage of using an array of transaction structs is that it is very simple
because it is easy to append a struct to the slice after decoding the json, validating, and storing it. This is advantagous for a few reasons.
It does not require another user to download extra dependicies like MongoDB to run it. It is not a lightningn fast solution, but for it works well 
with the little amount of data we use
   
    Using an array for this project had many disadvantages as well. Firstly, I have to use a sort function everytime the /spend endpoint is called
because placing things inside of an array is really annoying. Using something like a linked list would allow us to sort ourtransactions as we add them.
The array also is not persistant so the data is only around as you run the program. A database would keep the data after the program is terminated.

I decided to use a map to store my reciept data after a /spend endpoint. This means I can find and display how much each payer spent in O(1).
The problem with my implementation is that the map is a local variable and does not store the payer receipts. I was a bit concerned using too many 
global variables so I played it safe.

This API needs unit tests but I could not implement solid and rigorous unit testing in the 48 hour window. If I had more time I would have implemented 
test files for each endpoint.




3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

I think the most challenging project I've participated in was creating my own Red/Black tree in my data structures and algorithms class.
It was during my sophomore year and I was just getting oriented with object oriented programming. We had to create a number of functions aside from
the typical insert and delete. I had hundreds of lines of pointers and I felt like I was beating my head against a wall trying to figure out how to
make a copy constructor for such a monstrosity. I eventually broke through the mental wall and started to understand why I had to return node pointers
in certain functions. It was very early in my programming career, but I don't think I hav ever learned that much in that span of time. I'm still a C++
novice but that project and class certainly helped me learn a lot.
